# ARTIFICIAL-SCIENCES-HR-HELP-DESK-SYSTEM
ARTIFICIAL SCIENCES – HR Help Desk is a system developed to provide the solution for all  problems sent by employees of the organization. This Help Desk system can track the issues raised by the  employees so they can check whether their problem is solved or not. It is to provide the employee with a  standard system in which they can raise a problem in the organization and get a solution for it. The  intention is to make a software which will give an option to employees to raise any problem in the  system. The problem will be sent to HR. And if the complaint is against HR it will be sent to HR Head. The problems which can be raised are appraisal, harassment, illegal conduct, complaints against  colleagues, family related issues and more. This type of Help Desk System can reduce the work in HR  Department and will help accessing the details regarding the problem in the organization and it will also  help in future problem. This project is developed by using JAVA as a Front-end and MySQL as Back-end. The system is divided  into three interfaces: Employee, HR and HR Head and have features as such per interface requirements.  The system requires a successful login to start. 
• HR Head Interface: The HR Head can response to complaints lodged against HR and view all  the other complaints lodged. HR Head also has the privilege to Add and Delete employees. Its  developed features are as follows: 
1. Check On HR: This feature enables HR Head to view all the complains lodged against  HR and respond to it.
2. View Complaints: This feature enables HR Head to view all the complaints lodged in the  system.
3. Add User: This feature enables the HR Head to add new employee (company employee  as well as new HR) in the database.
4. 4. Delete User: This feature enables the HR Head to delete an employee (company employee  as well as new HR) from the database.
5. 5. Logout
